Add transport action to create past tsdb indices (#150878)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/miscellaneous-cluster-settings.md

`cluster.persistent_tasks.allocation.recheck_interval`
:   ([Dynamic](docs-content://deploy-manage/stack-settings.md#dynamic-cluster-setting)) The master node will automatically check whether persistent tasks need to be assigned when the cluster state changes significantly. However, there may be other factors, such as memory usage, that affect whether persistent tasks can be assigned to nodes but do not cause the cluster state to change. This setting controls how often assignment checks are performed to react to these factors. The default is 30 seconds. The minimum permitted value is 10 seconds.

### Time series data stream settings [time-series-data-stream]

> `data_streams.past_tsdb_index_duration` {applies_to}`serverless: ga` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5`

Reviewer: `_interval`?

Author: Changed.

> :   ([Dynamic](docs-content://deploy-manage/stack-settings.md#dynamic-cluster-setting)) Controls the size of each historical TSDB backing index created when back-filling past timestamps into a time series data stream. Defaults to `1d`. The minimum value is `1h` and the maximum value is `7d`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   ([Dynamic](docs-content://deploy-manage/stack-settings.md#dynamic-cluster-setting)) Controls the covered interval of each historical TSDB backing index created when back-filling past timestamps into a time series data stream. Defaults to `1d`. The minimum value is `1h` and the maximum value is `7d`.
```

Reviewer: Should we allow any value, e.g. 5h? Don't we want to pick durations that round to 24h? If so, we need to document this.

Author: Right now with the "tiling"method we can allow all values. The UTC rounding method was limiting the acceptable values. Would you like to keep the limitation so we can switch between methods?
